---
title: "events"
bg: white
color: osceblue
---

<a id="events"></a>  
  
## Upcoming events


### **National Reproducibility & Research Data Event: What matters to researchers and research support?**  
The National RDM Network, DeiC and DKRN invite to a full-day network meeting on Promoting Reproducibility in Research, June 10th, 2026. 

Venue: DTU Library – Lyngby Campus 
Building 101D 
Anker Engelunds Vej 1 
2800 Kgs. Lyngby 

Time: 10:00 – 16:00 (arrival from 09:30) 

[Register for the workshop](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=I_FR8s7JjkSSdzS7KFkR2fu6h5I7fLdDnd-4szZPll9UOU9PUksxU1dBQUZEQ0JJVEFDWlQzSkVJMi4u){:target="_blank"}


**ABOUT THE NATIONAL REPRODUCIBILITY & RESEARCH DATA EVENT**

The day will be divided into two sessions. Session 1 will constitute lightning talks and posters submitted by attendees. Session 2 is a structured workshop with group work and plenary discussion. The workshop is open to researchers and research support staff. The aim is to highlight different perspectives on reproducibility and gain an understanding about the current knowledge, common practices, training needs, and prospects for scaling up reproducibility. 

**Session 1: Lightning talks and posters** 
The National Reproducibility & Research Data Event is seeking talks and posters describing research, research support, challenges and innovations in all areas of reproducibility. We are accepting proposals from researchers at any career level and research support staff. Presentations should focus on reproducible research practices relevant to the presenter’s own work. We also encourage proposals describing collaborative reproducibility projects, especially where collaborators are sought. 

**Event topics:** 

* How to introduce and implement reproducible research practices in a research team 
* How to develop basic research skills for reproducible research in your field  
* How you are working with reproducibility in your research or in research support 
* Collaborative reproducibility projects 
* How to incentivise reproducibility in your research field 
* Implications of irreproducible research in your research field 
* How to publish a reproducible research report  
* Publication processes and reproducibility verification 
* Reproducibility in requirements from funders or publishers 
* How to detect reproducibility concerns in already published research  
* How research data management supports reproducible workflows  
* Your experiences using software and tools that promote or support reproducibility 
* Experiences creating policies for reproducibility



**Session 2: Reproducibility and me? How to evaluate and scale up your reproducibility practices**

In this workshop you will: 

* learn to assess current reproducibility practice within your organisation, department, project group or research community  
* exchange ideas on possible future priorities and directions for reproducible practices. 
* identify “enablers” that can steer conversations about scaling up reproducibility 

The workshop will be hands-on and active discussions facilitated by the KE Reproducibility Framework, that is the result of work from the European partnership Knowledge Exchange. The framework is described more in detail in the report [“Framework for scaling up reproducibility practices in research organisations”](https://zenodo.org/records/10664660){:target="_blank"}



**LIGHTNING TALK AND POSTER PROPOSAL FORMAT**

 **Lightning talks** The lightning talk is a slide presentation that takes 10 minutes with 5 additional minutes for questions.  

 **Poster Presentation Guidelines** Your poster will be displayed throughout the event day. During the poster session, which is part of Session 1, you are expected to stand by your poster, ready to present your work and engage in discussion with attendees. To foster creativity and innovation, posters may be in any paper format and size, provided the content remains clear and legible for the audience


**HOW TO SUBMIT YOUR PROPOSAL**
All submissions must be written in English. Submit a short abstract describing your talk or poster, with a maximum of 250 words. The proposal should concisely describe the content and objectives of your talk or poster. 

Proposals with creative formats that foster lively interactions between participants are highly encouraged. 


**WHERE TO SUBMIT PROPOSALS AND REGISTER** 
Submit your proposals via the registration form for the [National reproducibility and research data event](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=I_FR8s7JjkSSdzS7KFkR2fu6h5I7fLdDnd-4szZPll9UOU9PUksxU1dBQUZEQ0JJVEFDWlQzSkVJMi4u){:target="_blank"}

**IMPORTANT DEADLINES** 

Deadline for submission of a proposal for a lightning talk or poster: 8th May, 2026 

Deadline for event registration: 26th May, 2026 



**WORKSHOP PROGRAMME CO-CHAIRS** 

Jitka Stilund Hansen, DTU/National RDM Network

Anne Mette Morthorst, DeiC/Knowledge Exchange

Lorna Wildgaard, Royal Danish Library/Copenhagen University Library/DKRN

Contact: [datamanagement@dtu.dk](datamanagement@dtu.dk) 





## **DKRN General Meetings**
If you are interested in the network's activities or wish to contirbute, you can join our online meetings *every two months*.
Details about meeting dates are sent to the recipients registered on the DKRN mailing list. Sign-up on the bottom of the page.  

## **Past events**  

#### **Autumn 2025 Workshop - Reproducibility in research – Opportunities and challenges**  

On December 11, researchers from UCPH presented and discussed reproducibility within their field of research. Researchers represented SSH as well as STEM. The audience had an opportunity to ask questions during the panel discussion. The event was organised by the Royal Danish Library (KB) and the Danish Reproducibility Network (DKRN) who also presented the services (KB) and opportunities (DKRN) that are available to researchers at UCPH.  

Find all slides in [this folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/10UM-yO_rHW37lwMhzsSX6XkdEGE5nM7k?usp=sharing) 

**Keynote**  
* Lasse Suonperä Liebst, Associate Professor, Deputy Head of Department for Education and Head of Studies, Department of Sociology. Talk title: _“Sociology’s Reluctance to Embrace Reproducibility: A Tale from a Low-Consensus Discipline.”_  

**Speakers**  
* Thor Grünbaum, Professor, Department of Communication. Talk title: _“Replication and Theory: Does theory matter to replication rates in psychological science?”_
* Bo Markussen, Professor, Department of Mathematical Sciences & Co-Head of Data Science Lab. Talk title: _“Statistical power, hypothesis testing, and the p-value controversy.”_
* Martin Nørgaard, Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science, Image Analysis, Computational Modelling and Geometry. Talk title: _“Improving scientific reproducibility using open science practices: data sharing, code sharing and registered reports.”_
* Michael Svendsen, Head of Department, Copenhagen University Library & Lorna Wildgaard, Member of the Steering Committee of the Danish Reproducibility Network. Talk title: _How can Copenhagen University Library and Danish Reproducibility Network contribute?_

<br>  

#### **Spring 2025 Workshop 3 - Quality Assessment in Reproducible Workflows**   

Find all slides in [this folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1sU_H-HJwhz_VBiBhyFCT-VVuFsfNEqj7?usp=drive_link)  

**Speakers**  
* Cristian Mesquida, Technical University Eindhoven
* Mikkel C. Vinding, Copenhagen University  
* Lucija Batinović, Linköping University

<br>


#### **Spring 2025 Workshop 2 - Reproducible Workflows**  

Find all slides in [this folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1m6Y2qc7pm3LfIZWjI9uWe0xSMMfL9z8b?usp=drive_link)  

**Speakers**  
* Mareike Buss, Copenhagen Business School  
* Kristoffer Gulmark Poulsen, Copenhagen Business School  
* Arne Henningsen, University of Copenhagen   
* Melanie Ganz-Benjaminsen, University of Copenhagen  
* Jakob Demant, University of Copenhagen

<br> 

#### **Spring 2025 Workshop 1 - Promoting Robust Research Culture 10th of April 2025**  

Watch the recording on our YouTube channel. [Spring 2025 Workshop1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdAMlAcdzG8) 

**Speakers:**  
* Cyril Pernet, Rigshospitalet  
* Anne Thorst Melbye, Syddansk Universitetsbibliotek  
* Luke W. Jonston, Steno Diabetes Center

<br> 

#### **D3A Conference 2024 - Level up your data & life science lab's reproducibility!** 
    
We presented short videos from researchers in different disciplines at various institutions, who talk about the open and reproducible research practices applied in their work. Videos are on our [YouTube Channel!](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJPfqQPI6i_AfAP4U6zMOSuM9X2GlsHyC), slides are [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11V9J7DyyX-34vzQ4j9y7zNqP369ccOtE0amRhIf2hIo/edit?usp=sharing)

<br>

#### **DKRN Launch Event - 24 August 2023, University of Copenhagen Library**

**Speakers:**
* Kira Stine Hansen, The Royal Library
* Tony Ross-Hellauer, Graz University of Technology, Austria - “Strategic priorities for reproducibility reform: The case of TIER2” 
* Agata Bochynska, University of Oslo, Norway - "NORRN: Barriers and enablers to building reproducibility communities"
* Etienne Roesch, University of Reading, UK - "UKRN: facilitating culture change through training and education”
* Loek Brinkman, Dutch National Centre of Expertise and Repository for Research Data - "Reproducibility Network and Open Science Communities: drivers for change” 
* Birte Christensen Dalsgaard, University of Aarhus - "Reproducibility – thoughts on the underlying FAIR ecosystem"
* Lorna Wildgaard, Copenhagen University Library - “Supporting Open Science and Reproducibility at Researcher Services” 
* Jesper Schneider, Aarhus University - "Is reproducibility for all?"

See the [full details of the program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HZQcdSwyiMkRzn0Q9N2O1XRyx9ujh8lSeVY6I0wr_pQ) and [slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/1IR1ciksn2cvht94ueGELsPywGOdK3wbm)







